A guy points a gun at someone to shoot them but, as he pulls the trigger, he changes his mind and aims off to the side. The bullet ricochets off a wall and kills the intended victim anyway. Is the shooter responsible?
A relationship with love or one with sex? 
Any embarrassing guilty pleasures?
Are there any foods that you dislike or will not eat?
Are there any foods that you would like to try?
Are there people you don't like? Are there people that don't like you?
Are you a saver or a spender?
Are you afraid of heights? Or what are you afraid of?
Are you still learning who you are?
Are you willing to stay away from your family if you ever have to for a job?
At what age did you become an adult?
Backpacks or satchels? 
Best gift you ever gave/or got from someone?
Can you walk well in high heels?
City or nature person? 
Coolest thing you've ever been for Halloween? 
Crowds, small groups, or "Go away, I'm a loner"?
Describe something that's happened to you for which had no explanation.
Describe your ideal spouse? Home? Job?
Describe yourself in 3 words.
Did you ever create a superhero-self or an alter-ego when you were a kid?
Did you ever want to kill someone?
Did you get to know all four of your grandparents? If so, how old were you when they passed away?
Did you grow up in a small or big town? Did you like it? 
Did you have a childhood nickname? If so, what's the story behind it?
Did you like swinging as a child? Do you still get excited when you see a swing set? 
Do you agree or disagree with this statement: A zoo has no useful purpose.
Do you believe honesty is the best policy?
Do you believe in fate?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
Do you believe in luck?
Do you believe in soul mates?
Do you believe long distance relationships can work?
Do you believe people are inherently good?
Do you dream in color? How about in sound? How do you know?
Do you drink coffee or tea?
Do you eat enough vegetables? 
Do you get motion sickness? Any horror stories? 
Do you have a favorite book or read much? Why or why not?
Do you have a fetish?
Do you have a visible scar? If so, how did you get it?
Do you have any future financial plans?
Do you have any nervous habits that you do?
Do you have any pets?
Do you have any political opinions?
Do you have any regrets in life?
Do you have any siblings?
Do you have anyone you go to for advice? In person or online?
Do you know what your your name means?
Do you like guacamole? Have you ever been in a food fight? 
Do you like horror movies? How about thrillers? 
Do you like pets in the house?
Do you like to go shopping, not buying, shopping?
Do you more like your mom or your dad?
Do you pick at scabs? 
Do you play any instruments?
Do you play any sports?
Do you play sports or dance?
Do you play video games?
Do you prefer cats or dogs?
Do you prefer reading books or watching movies?
Do you prefer short hair or long hair on a guy/girl?
Do you read any blogs? If so, whose and how often?
Do you read? Which three books would you bring with you onto a desert island?
Do you remember your first day of kindergarten? What was it like?
Do you sing in the shower?
Do you sing or play any instruments?
Do you sleep with a stuffed animal?
Do you speak any other languages?
Do you swear in front of your parents? 
Do you think it is important to learn any form of performing arts?
Do you think love at first sight is possible?
Do you think the past matters in a relationship?
Do you use a reusable water bottle? If not, you should. 
Do you want to get married? Have kids? 
Ever been in love with 2 people at the same time? Do you think that's wrong?
Ever had any relatives in jail?
Ever sold/donated your blood? If you haven't do you want to?
Favorite childhood memories?
Favorite complement?
Favorite food?
Favorite kind of bean? Kidney? Black? Pinto? 
Favorite toy as a child?
First life memory?
First time any of you broke the law?
Five things you can’t live without.
For you, what was the worst thing about being a freshman?
Future honeymoon destination?
Glass half full or half empty? Or is the glass just malformed?
Greatest achievement?
Have you ever been fired?
Have you ever been in love?
Have you ever been on a rollercoaster?
Have you ever been stung by a bee?
Have you ever climbed a tree more than twenty feet off the ground? 
Have you ever cried because you were so happy?
Have you ever eaten Ethiopian food? 
Have you ever experimented with drugs?
Have you ever felt really excluded from a group?
Have you ever gotten a speeding ticket?
Have you ever heard the voice of the Lord? If so, what did He say?
Have you ever taken dance lessons? Who would you want to dance with?
Have you ever taken dancing classes?
Have you ever tipped a cow?
Have you ever used something other than "makeup" as makeup? (Like paint? Markers?) 
Have you ever wanted something really bad and then later, not so much?
Have you ever watched any major sporting event drunk? 
Have you ever watched the Superbowl all the way through? 
Have you ever written any poetry or songs? If so, what about?
Have you had an experience you would say has impacted your life?
Have you had to make an important decision that affected your life?
How did you get along with your parents during your teen years?
How did you get interested in [name of hobby or sport/etc]?
How did you meet [host/mutual friend/signifigant other]?
How different is your life from what you imagined it would be like when you were a kid?
How do people often misunderstand you?
How do you like to spend your free time?
How do you spend time with your family?
How do you spend your weekends
How far can you throw a baseball? 
How many children would you like to have – and how many of each gender?
How many siblings do you have, and what are your relationships with them like?
How often do / did you get to see your grandparents?
How often do you check your e-mail? Facebook? Voice & text messages?
How often do you exercise?
How often do you shower?
How would you define the word "Christian?"
How would you like to be remembered when you are dead and gone?
Ideal 5/10 year life plan
Ideal vacation length?
If one of your 5 senses could have supernatural abilities, which one sense would you choose?
If you are allowed to do just one thing for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If you could achieve the highest level of education in any one discipline, which would you choose?
If you could be a contestant on any game show, which one would you choose?
If you could be any fictional character, who would you choose?
If you could be invisible for one day what would you do and why?
If you could be on any Game Show, which one would you choose?
If you could be on any Reality TV Show, which one would you choose?
If you could be one age for the rest of your life, how old would you choose to be?
If you could bring any person back to life, who would it be?
If you could change one thing about [yourself/your past] what would you change?
If you could change one thing about your school, what would it be?
If you could change one thing about yourself, what would it be?
If you could change the world what would you do and why?
If you could change your natural hair color, would you? To what? 
If you could choose anyone, who would you pick as your mentor?
If you could choose to stay a certain age forever, what age would it be?
If you could cure one type of disease, which one would you cure?
If you could design the perfect TV channel, what would be on it?
If you could get a Sharpie tattoo on your back, what would it be? 
If you could go on a road trip where would you go?
If you could go on a trip anywhere with three other people, where would you go and what three people would you take?
If you could have a bottomless drink dispenser in your kitchen – like a faucet that just gave any one drink, anytime you wanted it – which drink would you choose?
If you could have any animal in the world as a pet, what animal would you choose?
If you could have any one super-power, which one would you choose and why?
If you could have any pet in the world, illegal or not, what would you get? 
If you could have any super power, what would it be?
If you could have anyone do the voice-over for your reflections on life, who would it be? (a la the TV show The Wonder Years)
If you could invent a holiday, what and when would it be?
If you could know the answer to any question, besides "What is the meaning of life?", what would it be?
If you could learn to do anything, what would it be?
If you could live anywhere in the United States for 6 months, where would you live? Why?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?
If you could live during any time period, which one would you choose?
If you could live one whole week as any movie character, who would you pick?
If you could make something disappear in you life what would it be and why?
If you could meet a famous dead person, whom would you like to meet?
If you could meet anyone in history, who would it be?
If you could meet anyone, living or dead, who would you meet?
If you could own the world’s largest collection of something, what would it be?
If you could paint a picture of any scenery you've seen before, what would you paint?
If you could personally witness any event in history, which one would you choose?
If you could plan your own birthday celebration, what would you plan?
If you could possess any extraordinary talent in one of the arts, what would you choose?
If you could retire tomorrow, what would you do?
If you could round up any five musicians or bands from history and have them all do a three-day music festival, which ones would you choose?
If you could spend the day with any celebrity, who would it be? 
If you could take a week and travel anywhere in the world, where would you go?
If you could throw any kind of party, what would it be like and what would it be for?
If you could travel anywhere in the world, where would you go?
If you could use any mode of transportation to get somewhere, which one would you choose?
If you could witness any event past, present or future, what would it be?
If you could write an article for any magazine, which magazine would you choose, and what would your article be about?
If you died today, what would you most regret not having told someone?
If you had $10 million, would you still be working/going to school?
If you had $10 to spend, how would you spend it?
If you had $100 to spend, how would you spend it?
If you had $1000 to spend, how would you spend it?
If you had a previous relationship, why did your last relationship break?
If you had a theme song (one that played every time you entered a room), which song would you choose?
If you had an unlimited gift card to any one restaurant, which one would you choose?
If you had one more day to live, how would you spend it?
If you had three months left to live, how would you spend them? What would your last meal on Earth be?
If you had to be named after a city, state, or country (etc), which would you want it to be?
If you had to change your first name, what would you change it to?
If you had to give up one of your five senses, which one would it be?
If you had to have a cow or a pig, which would you take? Why? 
If you had to look at one city skyline for the rest of your life, which would it be? 
If you had to move to another country, where would you move? 
If you had to work on only one project for the next year, what would it be?
If you knew the world was ending in 2012, what would you do differently?
If you were given 3 wishes what would they be and why?
If you were immortal for a day, what would you do?
If you were reincarnated as an animal/drink/ice cream flavor, what would it be?
If you were stranded on a deserted island and you could have only 1 item, what would it be?
If you won the lottery, what is the first thing you would do?
Is money more important to you or relationships you share with people?
Is there a movie that makes you cry no matter how many times you watch it?
Is there any real idea of the perfect life?
Is there something you constantly lose at your hours or anywhere?
Last time you lost your temper?
List all of the cities you have lived in, and how long / what ages you lived there.
Longest plane ride you've ever been on? 
Madonna or Lady Gaga? Neither? Both? Who 
Margarine or butter? Which did you grow up with? 
Most embarrassing moment from your 
Most embarrassing moment from your high school years? 
Most embarrassing moment from your middle school years? 
Most embarrassing moment?
Most hated chore on the chore list?
Most memorable birthday?
Mountains or the beach? View, or the tv?
Name one of your most favorite possessions.
Name the most terrifying moment of your life so far. Have you recovered from it?
Oddest job ever?
Phobias?
Pirates or ninjas? Why? 
Plain, train, or car? Boat, subway, or teleportation device?
Recent life changes?
Tequila story?
The latest you've ever slept? 
Three main goals in life?
Time travel?
Vietnamese? Korean? Nepalese? How was it? 
Were you the class clown or teacher's pet?
What CD is in your CD player right now?
What DVD is in your DVD player right now?
What are 3 qualities you admire in one of your parents?
What are 3 qualities you want your friends to have?
What are some of the changes you have seen in your life since you became a believer?
What are some of your long-term goals?
What are some of your short-term goals?
What are you dreaming about for your life?
What are you looking for in a relationship? In the long term or short term?
What are you scared of?
What are your bad habits?
What are your favorite kinds of flowers?
What are your plans for the weekend?
What are your plans for this weekend?
What are your secret talents?
What are your turn offs?
What are your views on open relationships?
What books have you read more than once?
What cheers you up?
What chore do you absolutely hate doing?
What common task could you start doing as if you were doing it directly for Jesus?
What could we do to protect and promote the unity of our group?
What countries have you traveled to?
What dead person would you least want to be haunted by?
What did you do for your latest birthday?
What did you do growing up that got you into trouble?
What did you do this past weekend?
What did you do today?
What did you have for dinner last night?
What did you think about (such-and-such) movie?
What did you want to grow up to be when you were younger?
What do you constantly think about that, either makes you sad or just anything?
What do you do for a living?
What do you feel about cheating? Would you ever cheat? Would you take anyone back who cheated?
What do you hope your life will be like 10 years from now?
What do you like most about you?
What do you like to do in your spare time?
What do you like to do to relax?
What do you look for in a guy/girl?
What do you miss most about being a kid?
What do you order or not order at a restaurant you have been to or never been to?
What do you plan to do after you [graduate/retire/etc]?
What do you plan to do when you graduate?
What do you think Victoria's secret is?
What do you think about [a news story/sports team/etc]?
What do you think about unfaithfulness in a relationship?
What do you think is the key to good parenting?
What do you think of this expression: Where there was fire, ashes remain.
What do you think the world will be like in 100 years?
What do you think your life to be like five years from now?
What do you think your life will be like 10 years from now?
What do you want in a significant other?
What do you want to be when you grow up?
What do your parents do for a living?
What event has changed her life destiny?
What eye color do you find sexiest? 
What famous person do people tell you that you most resemble?
What gets you excited?
What happened to you last week that you hope happens next week?
What has made you a stronger person in life?
What holidays do you celebrate? Are you a religious person or not?
What is a particularly meaningful Bible verse to you?
What is it that you are passionate about?
What is one gadget you’d like to own?
What is one motor vehicle that you would love to drive for the day?
What is one of the best books you’ve ever read?
What is one of the most adventurous things you’ve ever done?
What is one of your favorite quotes?
What is one of your most favorite worship songs?
What is one opportunity you have had in the last week to help someone?
What is one other hair-style you have had besides the one you currently have?
What is one personal tragedy you have overcome?
What is one regret you have from last week?
What is one statement that you hope people will say about you after you die?
What is one step you can take to become more like Christ?
What is one thing that happened to you this week that made you laugh?
What is one thing you hope will happen with this group?
What is one thing you miss about being a kid?
What is one thing you wish you had more time for in your life?
What is one thing you wish your parents had said to you growing up?
What is one thing you’d like your parents to say to you now?
What is one thing you’ve never done that you would really like to do?
What is one verse of Scripture that you have memorized?
What is some place that you would really like to visit?
What is something you are looking forward to doing within the next six months?
What is something you learned in the last week?
What is something you like about yourself?
What is the best advice you ever received?
What is the best part about family life?
What is the best piece of advice you've received?
What is the best thing that happened to you during the past week?
What is the best thing that has happened to you recently?
What is the craziest thing you've ever done?
What is the first thing you do when you wake up?
What is the first think you notice about a guy or girl?
What is the habit you are proudest of breaking or want to break?
What is the last thing you do before you go to sleep?
What is the longest you have gone without sleep?
What is the most courageous thing you have ever done in your life?
What is the most important thing in life?
What is the most important thing that makes a relationship successful?
What is the most memorable class you have ever taken?
What is the most recent book you read?
What is the most spontaneous thing you've done lately?
What is the most valuable thing that you own?
What is the nicest thing anyone has ever done for you?
What is the one book you think everyone should be required to read?
What is the one cleaning tip you swear by?
What is the one thing about you that you take pride in?
What is the one thing you most want to do?
What is the one truly defining moment of your life so far?
What is the scariest thing you’ve ever done?
What is the signature dish that you cook?
What is the strangest thing you have ever eaten?
What is the weirdest thing about you?
What is the weirdest thing about you? Are you proud of it? 
What is the worst thing that happened to you during the past week?
What is your biggest goal in life?
What is your biggest regret?
What is your definition of intimate?
What is your dream job?
What is your earliest memory?
What is your favoirte [vacation experience/season/book/movie/childhood memory/etc] and why?
What is your favorite TV show?
What is your favorite animal?
What is your favorite board game?
What is your favorite body part?
What is your favorite book?
What is your favorite breakfast food?
What is your favorite charity?
What is your favorite commercial?
What is your favorite day of the week?
What is your favorite drink?
What is your favorite food?
What is your favorite form of exercise?
What is your favorite holiday?
What is your favorite ice cream flavor and your favorite topping to put on ice cream?
What is your favorite ice cream flavor?
What is your favorite kind of fruit?
What is your favorite meal of the day?
What is your favorite memory of your family?
What is your favorite movie of all time?
What is your favorite outfit to wear?
What is your favorite pizza topping?
What is your favorite restaurant?
What is your favorite season?
What is your favorite sports team?
What is your favorite thing about life?
What is your favorite thing to do with friends?
What is your favorite thing to spend money on?
What is your favorite time of day/day of the week/month of the year?
What is your favorite word? Least favorite?
What is your first childhood memory?
What is your first memory of being really excited?
What is your goal in life?
What is your ideal vacation?
What is your least favorite chore to do at home?
What is your middle name?
What is your most embarrassing moment?
What is your most urgent prayer request right now?
What is your opinion about premarital sex?
What is your point of view of the world?
What kind of music do you like? What are your top five bands?
What kind of music you like?
What kind of smoothie sounds really good right now? 
What level of school was your preferred one?
What motivates you?
What one possession do you most cherish?
What one step can you take to connect with another believer at a more genuine, heart-to-heart level?
What one thing would you change about your house if you could?
What outfit makes you feel the most sexiest or confident?
What playlist is currently playing on your iPod right now?
What sound do you love?
What story does your family always tell about you?
What stresses you the most?
What surprising skills does she have?
What thing doesn’t exist that someone needs to invent?
What toy from childhood was your favorite toy to play with?
What type of kid were you (e.g. spoiled, rebellious, well-behaved, quiet, obnoxious...)?
What type of music do you like to listen to?
What type of music do you listen to? (Genre, artists, songs?)
What type of phone do you have?
What was (is) your favorite subject?
What was (is) your least favorite subject?
What was one of the best parties you've ever been to?
What was the best and the worst moment you spent with them?
What was the first thing you bought with your own money?
What was the last book you read?
What was the last experience that made you a stronger person?
What was the last movie you've seen?
What was the last movie, TV show or book that made you cry or tear up?
What was the last thing you purchased?
What was the most recent movie you saw in the theater?
What was the most recent stage performance you’ve seen?
What was the worst movie you've ever seen?
What was the worst thing about being in middle school for you?
What was your [childhood/high school experience/college experience/etc] like?
What was your favorite cartoon growing up? 
What was your favorite childhood pet?
What was your favorite childrens book?
What was your favorite food when you were a child?
What was your least favorite job that you've ever had?
What was your very first job?
What was your worst vacation experience?
What were you greatest weaknesses as a teenager?
What were you like as a kid?
What will you have accomplished one year from now?
What would be your ideal job?
What would you do if [you won the lottery/lost your phone/etc]?
What would you do if you only had 24 hours left to live?
What would you do if you won the lottery?
What would you do without electricity for 3 days?
What would you if you wanted to live your life differently?
What would you like for your life to be like five years from now?
What would you order as your final meal?
What's a secret about yourself you've never told anyone?
What's one thing you think you would be really good at if you made the time to pursue it?
What's one thing you wish you could change about yourself?
What's one universally loved movie/song/celebrity that you just can't stand?
What's the #1 most played song on your iPod?
What's the best surprise your life has thrown you so far?
What's the best/worst gift you've ever given/received?
What's the craziest thing you've ever done on a dare?
What's the first thing you do after school/work?
What's the hardest thing you've ever done?
What's the hardest you've ever tried not to laugh?
What's the most absurd thing you've ever done to impress a crush?
What's the most delicious food you've ever eaten in your life? 
What's the most embarrassed you've ever felt?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've ever seen?
What's the sickest you have ever been?
What's the worst Freudian slip you've ever made?
What's your biggest fear?
What's your favorite hobby?
What's your favorite indoor/outdoor activity?
What's your favorite knock-knock joke?
What's your favorite movie and why?
What's your favorite part of the day?
What's your favorite thing about your job?
What's your hometown? What was it like?
What's your least favorite mode of transportation?
What's your most favorite part of your body? 
What's your most favorite part of your personality? 
What's your oldest friend like?
What's your typical Saturday night like?
Whats one thing that's on your bucket list?
What’s one thing you like about your Mom?
What’s one trait you admire about your Dad?
What’s the best stage performance you’ve ever seen?
What’s the biggest struggle you are facing in life right now?
What’s the furthest place you’ve ever been from your current home?
What’s the hardest thing for you to do?
What’s the most needlessly repeated phrase a parent or teacher of yours ever uses / used?
What’s your dream car?
What’s your favorite Bible verse?
What’s your favorite musical group?
What’s your favorite story from the Bible?
What’s your least favorite sound in the world?
What’s your most favorite concert you’ve ever been to?
What’s your theory on deja vu?
When did you start attending church?
When do you feel most content?
When do you feel the most vulnerable?
When do you get discouraged?
When was the last time you had an amazing meal?
When was the last time you took a bus?
When was the last time you were nervous?
When was your first kiss?
When you are surprised with 30 free minutes during the day, how do you spend it?
When you get an unexpected hour of free time, how do you spend it?
When you have 30 minutes of free-time, how do you pass the time?
When you need just grocery – like a loaf of bread – where do you go to buy it?
When you think about your future, what are you most excited about?
Where did (do) you go to school?
Where did you go to school? Are you happy with what you chose to study?
Where did you grow up?
Where do you plan on going for your next vacation?
Where do you see yourself 5 years from now?
Where do you see yourself in [a year/3 years/5 years/etc]?
Where do you visualize yourself in 5 years, 10 years?
Where do you work? Do you have any cool coworkers?
Where is your favorite place to eat?
Where was the last place you went on vacation?
Where were you born (hospital, state, city)?
Which Bible character do you think you are most like? Why?
Which Biblical character do you most relate to or identify with?
Which cartoon character do you resemble the most?
Which church do you attend?
Which continents have you been on? 
Which do you use more often, the dictionary or the thesaurus?
Which is the song that makes you happy?
Which living celebrity/author/singer would you like to know?
Which movie/book are you ashamed to admit you love?
White, milk, or dark chocolate mocha? 
Who do you look up to?
Who do you think about most?
Who do you wish would listen more closely to you?
Who had a profoundly positive influence on you as a child?
Who has influenced you the most?
Who is a model of Christ-likeness in your life?
Who is the most important person in your life and what could you do to enhance your relationship?
Who is the most influential person for you so far in life?
Who is your best friend?
Who is your favorite actor?
Who is your favorite athlete?
Who is your favorite cartoon character? Why?
Who is your favorite fictional character and why?
Who is your favorite historical figure?
Who is your favorite music artist?
Who is your hero, do you have more than one?
Who is your hero?
Who was the last person you called?
Who was the last person you thought about?
Who was your best friend as a kid?
Who was your best friend in college?
Who was your best friend in high school?
Who was your best friend in middle school?
Who was your biggest role model when you were growing up?
Who was your first celebrity crush?
Who was your first crush?
Who was your first kiss?
Who was your first love?
Who would you most like to be stuck in an elevator with? Who would you least like to be?
Who's is someone you will never forget?
Who's your favorite author/actor/musician/athlete?
Who's your favorite relative?
Whole, skim, 1%, or 2% milk? (Did you know they make 1 1/2% milk?) 
Who’s someone you admire/respect? Why?
With whom do you need to restore a broken relationship?
Worst date ever?
Would you buy a sweater covered in kitten pictures? Would you wear it if someone gave it you for free? 
Would you ever like to adopt children?
Would you prefer to live in the city or a rural area?
Would you rather be rich and never find true love or be poor and find true love?
Would you rather die as a total unknown who did great things or as a world-famous hero who didn't actually do the thing you were credited with?
Would you rather follow your heart or your head?
Would you rather go a week without bathing, but be able to change your clothes? Or a week without changing your clothes but be able to bathe.
Would you rather take a submarine to the deepest part of the ocean or be the first person to walk on Mars?
Would you scratch a crotch itch in public? 
Would you wear a rainbow jacket? A neon yellow sweater? Checkered pants? 
You're in a sinking boat with an old man, a dog, and someone who's just gotten out of prison. You can only save one. Which would it be?
Your favorite adult as a child? (and not your parents, if they were your favorite) 
Your ideas for a perfect night out
ave you ever had something happen to you that you thought was bad but it turned out to be for the best?
cares? 
elementary school years? 
